Mum, can I go on a holiday with my friends?
Where are you going?
We're going climbing in the mountains.
Who are you going with?
Well, Susan and Dave suggested that we join a group.
There will be 15 people altogether.
It sounds dangerous.
Where are you going to sleep?
What are you going to do about food?
Will you be able to call me?
Don't worry.
We're going to camp out.
We'll cook our own food,
and I'll take my mobile phone.
What about clothes?
It's going to be cold in the mountains.
I'll take lots of warm clothing.
I'm worried that you'll fall and break your leg.
Then what will you do?
I'll stop worrying, Mum.
Everything will be fine.
Please can I go?
Well,
alright,
but do be careful.